don't we have justices that made false statements to congress? indict them too.
Shouldn’t all politicians be indicted for making false claims in Congress?
Remember many of these same
people posted that no one is above the law. That means you are held accountable too. This is just the beginning.
I really don't care what happens to him, he helped get us in this mess.
You cowards!  The charges in the indictments are the least of his offenses.  He should be charged with Treason.
Adam Schiff is next.
Yet the Epstein files remain hidden , by the DOJ.
Comey is one of the main reasons tRump was elected in the first place. Let him fry !!
Yet the Epstein files remain hidden…
Send him to prison and start doing it to all the liars.
Great News. Lock them up !
Treason!
Adam Schiff lied to congress about “Russian Collusion”. When will Adam Schiff be indicted? Or is he above the law like ALL other members of congress?
This dude is guilty as can be. Corruption at the top has destroyed our society.
A cop lying?  What is this world coming to?  Next you're going to tell me priests are molesting children and politicians are taking bribes.
Both Comey and John Brennan -   Arrogance and official corruption.  Our system demands we finally - hold some dirty birds to account.
Mike Davis is having an orange jumpsuit taylored just for him. It was the fuckaroundest of times, now it's the findingoutest.
James Comey is a SNAKE...
This is what happens when you don’t arrest and prosecute someone for trying to overthrow the government
This man needs prison
Hallelujah. About time
Scapegoating, the evil that will use in order to safegaurd their own agenda.
Finally! A traitor gets indicted! Many more to go.
lock him up
This man should be in prison .
You can indict a ham sandwich, but you can't convict a nothing burger.
Lock him up
Adam Schiff and Hillary Clinton should be right behind him.
It is DC. Not a chance of conviction as there is no justice in that city.
Ridiculous!
Just two?????? Oh please.
Do you think anyone believes anything will happen?
Comey is soo guilty its not funny. Conspiring to usurp power is TREASON. HE did do that. Also the fake dossier he knew was trash is the other. Document dumps. He frikking daughter worked there too. Dojt think she's innocent
 She's next along after brennon,clapper,strozk,page,rice. Geezus the list goes on n on n on. HRC2
This can not be  double standard. Many who have just been part of the administration, lied at some point, including Barrett when she joined SCOTUS
Wow - Prez Trump doesn't lie - since when does the US Justice Dept prosecute  the President's critics.   This is an Authoritarian State - Not the country I grew up in.
Who goofballs enough to indict the guy who lied for you!?
Not enough. He committed treason
It was a HUGE injustice to America and our allies that the law allowed Trump to escape prison for his many crimes and convictions and his participation and relationship with Jeffrey Epstein.
If making false statements to congress were a crime half of the Supreme Court could be indicted.
Life in prison he is definitely guilty he thumbed his nose at the American people he manufactured all of his evidence.
The liberals are crying "weaponization." Actually, this is giving them a bitter taste of their own medicine. Removing someone from the election is Third World politics.
Comey threatened the POTUS. He needs to be charged.
The man is a known liar when he lied to congress and senators and that's what is something a person doesn't do then he posted something to do with seashells something else you don't consider apparently and then he was a traitor and he should be in jail for life....
So why isn't Kash Patel facing charges?
This is awesome!!! Set the bar!!!! Cannot wait for the recent Supreme Court additions to be indicted for their false statements!!!!!! Hang the court!!!!!
How about we lower grocery prices finally. Or worry about protecting children in schools. Watching Trump go on his revenge parade is just pathetic.
Another lying corrupt government official
AWESOME!!!!
Back to front vindictive case , we all know in a normal legal world that Prosecutors are required to start with facts and evidence and pursue cases from there. It is quite the opposite to start with a target and then try to build a case around them, which is what those ambulance chasers at the DOJ are being asked to do here., lol
Excellent
He will get probation it's a first offense. Or even worse he will get a commuted sentence
It's about time!
AWESOME!!! JAIL TIME...ITS BEEN LONG OVER DUE!!! YAYYY
It is long overdue ....He's a liar!
Trump is doing God's will he's a great man.   MAGA 🇺🇲🇺🇲
Finally accountability for the Democratic Party
False statement?!  He colluded with democrats and media companies to fabricate a hoax to rig a US election!  This is one of the biggest scandals in our countries history, and they all need to go to prison.
It's about time the anti-trump crowd got a dose of their own medicine.
I voted for this!
Oh i wonder whats gonna happen to all these people in charge once the next democratic president comes to power. Dynasty of revenges.
No one lies and makes more false claims to Congress and the American people than Donald Trump and his administration!
Nothing will happen
not a chance Donald he knows about the files
Comey should get 8647 days in prison .
He needs to be indicted for TREASON.
No one is above law! Got em.
Mr Comey is probably the sorriest, rottenest, detestable, traitor, America has ever suffered. Seeing him brought to justice, gets a Thank You from me...
All Those MAGAS Congress need to be INDICTED and All These Newly elected Admin their Cabinet and RELEASE EPSTEIN UNREDACTED FILES!!!!END THE TENURES OF DICTATORSHIP  INVESTIGATE FCC CARR NEXSTAR SINCLAIR  and All These Newly elected Admin all of them!!!!!! Fight back Mr James Comey!
Do the have a big enough orange suit for this criminal. By By nobody above the law
Comey should be indicted for more than that.
Cuff and perp walk him in shackles!
I voted for that.
He and Obumble and Hitlary played with justice.  They planted evidence in Mar-a-Lago (come on. Do you really think Trump is so stupid as to leave torn paper in a toilet?), made up charges and set into action kangaroo trials putting his family through heck...it's past time for justice.
Crocatraz 
The point being, that when DHS agents come knocking on your door asking about your social media statements, they’ll say “if we can indict the FBI director for false statements and obstruction, what chance have you got?”
PENALTY FOR TREASON!!!!! ️
You know when the democrats were after Donald Trump they said no one is above the law well they're right no 1 is above the law and that includes the democrats
About Time ….. NO ONE is Above the LAW
Our British media is Gutter Trash 
Labor and Conservatives have Destroyed the UK 
And the media is still attacking Reform Farage and Trump 
Donald Trump is the best president ever
I've prayed that they put James Comey in prison for life 
Comey is a sleazebag and part of the swamp.  That said seems most politicians and their buddies are above the law. The Clinton’s are above the law and all the clients of Epstein are above the law - so yes many are above the law
Throw him in jail
Good he's a snake let's see what they have on him!
My, my, my. He must be so afraid. After seeing all the liars that faced congress w/impunity.
But but but drain the swamp?
How does this happen  ? When everyday the president and his regime LIE EVERYDAY and they are not prosecuted for LYING  and it can be proved !!!!!
Biggest scandal in American history. The former FBI and CIA directors should be held accountable for trying to derail a Presidential election. And worse continuing the narrative, disrupting a sitting President's efforts to govern. 
These clowns above the law of the land???????
None of this is going to save trump from his exposure in the  Epstein case 
There isn't a statue of limitations for perjury or treason!
Living in the U.S. right now is like watching your house burn down to the ground, from the inside.
This is pure retribution by a dictator.  Wake Up
I believe he is innocent. As a Cuban when a child, and for 50 plus years, Communist Cuba does this. Blame people for whatever not true, and put them out of circulation. This is already in place in USA with the jobs, getting read of people after using them. Cannot be accepted, dangerous!!!
All politicians should be locked up for lying. Every single one of them.
5yrs for each count. There's 2 counts equaling a potential 10yrs. Get it right.
And how many false statements has trump told? Isn't it over 45 thousand now . !!!!!!!
If Comey is indicted for making false statement… shouldn’t Donnie and cronies be indicted multiple times?
He’ll get a slap on the wrist if he even goes to trial
Another "Dog & Pony" show. Comey's the weakest link of the deep state. He's taking the fall for the bigger fraudsters. Dog and Pony.
Comey comes across indoctrinated.
So the administration getting rid of people they don’t like. Shocker.
Once Comey is found guilty for perjury.  This will open the doors for prosecuting him and others for "treason" all the way up Comey's deep state dear leader evil Barack Obama! Maybe even charge Soros for treason as well.
Ok. The first person who should go to jail is SO Jim Jordan for not responding to a federal subpoena.
Our FBI Director , under custody for providing phony information to Congress ! . Trump's Night Terrors are chasing him in the daytime .
The guy obviously lied. The prosecutor only resigned because he doesn’t want to be assassinated for trying to prosecute the Democratic Party. Read between the lines. Real Eyes see Real Lies.
Give me a break, every single one of trumps people,  including Kavanaugh and Barrett, lied in congress
ONLY FIVE YEARS What a joke !!!!
I watched 2 hours on CNN yesterday and heard the facts presented. This indictment is a sham brought by someone from the Trump Team with NO experience. She was pressured BY TRUMP and his big mouth!!
Good they all need to be locked up no one is above the law it’s about time they got what they deserve
Nice to know.
Comey lied when Hilary was running. He took out a full page article in the NYTimes. He should stop playing in politics.
djt and his entire appointed cabinet, need to be escorted from DC in straight jackets.
Epstein didn't unalive himself. Pam Bondi lied about FBI video being "raw" uneditted.
He is not lying if he believes he is not lying.
covid lies profiteering tax evasion murder treason bought by Israel ?    elephant in the room
Isn't refusing to release the Epstein files defacto obstruction.  Shouldn't Pam Bondi be indicated for lying to Congress. But wait she's the one who does the indicting. So who is policing the police?
Put James Comey Into Federal Prison In Cuba Guatimo Bay. 
We don't want to hear any Corrupted Media's About James Comey Until We Have Reliable News From Fox and Friends Real American News Stations Telling Us James Comey Is In Federal Prison Without Any Chance Of Parole And True Justice Is ️ Finally Served.
TRUMP IS WASTING OUR TAXES MONEY FOR HIS REVENGE . PEOPLE WAKE UP VOTE OUR DEMOCRACY AND FREEDOM ARE AT RISK.
Where is the video? I saw it. He said he gave his College professor CLASSIFIED documents. He is fuking arrogant. Comey is a CRIMINAL.
Bout time. He is not above the law Akc should be next along with Hillary. Barr.  Two fbi agents who were why I g an affair and going after Trump Latisha James. Pelosi for insider trading and any dirty republican as well also sign into law that no one who is not born a natural citizen can be in government’s
It’s actually calling the kettle black and being black yourself broken. What do you think this administration is doing the problems out there is long gone. He won the election because the Russians found something on Hillary and it was a distraction from what Trump was doing. Do your research
The grand jury of distraction. Release the Epstein files.
amazing, Trump pressured DOJ, no mention of the statute of limitations in a couple days or that left over cronies in the DOJ tried to delay and let the statute run. Fake News for the uninformed
What ??? we were told by the blabbering news heads that Comey was our Homie.
Good it’s about time!
Comey indicted for writing the EPSTEIN FILES
So what about the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence you don't like?  Obama/Biden wanted to enforce his 'Disinformation Governance Board' to be only directed by a member of the Democrat Party. Which as we know would silence political oppositions! Which would deny "liberty for all" of the Declaration of Independence and violate the 1st Amendment? So what is it you don't like about those Documents that Obama/Biden and their Deep State would deny Americans?
Oh Jimmy
Lol this is a first. Politicians lie under oath all the time. Imagine bitching about making the FBI a political police force, then blatantly going after political rivals with the police. American is over and its its stupid citizen who allowed this. Shameful.
As if the dear leader of the deep state Marxist ideologist Barack Obama/Biden didn't politicize the DOJ, the DA, FBI, DHS, and numerous ADA's of the deep state etc. etc.?  He was a pawn of Barack Obama that wanted Hillary or another of Obama's anti-U.S. Constitution ideology to take his place. Comey LIED to Congress to cover it up! Obama knew Trump was everything Obama's deep state had been working to overpower so America would become a "one party" rule known as the deep state! That's what Trump, and others meant when America was almost lost!
Literally changing lies in order to falsely prosecute Trump you guys had no problem with. Call me blatantly lying is totally cool. That old man on the right went to jail for lying to Congress.
Can't wait till they start putting cuffs on all these fake news outlets ,  that just flat out lie to the American people,  with all there PROPAGANDA bullshit they SPEW hourly .
Traitors to democracy must go to jail.
Fake news. They couldn’t get him because he was hiding behind the curtains.
What is happening to America.
I hope Comey  is crapping his pants now he deserves all this.
He committed treason. He's expendable, so now he's the fall guy. Once it gets real for him, he'll roll on others for a deal. I just see him getting the Epstein special
He deserves it, he put Trump in office.
So Trump can be indicted for lying to The American People, Congress, The World.

Mr. I plead the 5th!
Trump is a Russian asset idiots
All of them should be indicted
I thought the sentence for treason was death?
Another distraction.  Epstein files now.
Another Trump destruction from the Epstein files
We will see what happens. I’m with Comey. Trump is a terrible leader and not believable.
He almost escaped but we got him in time.
Fbi protects Hamas' agenda and shafts Christian. Doubt, they find Charlie true killer. Had Airforce captain then knew about viruis and malmare and where using to spy on us. He treaten Trump after he was fired. Anyone else been in jail. Fbi been protecting Obama too
He's sitting on a 44% favorable rating , but these last October's accolades .. He has many irons in the fire ! .
What about the lies of Trump always saying and this whole Republican Party they’ve gone off the deep end. They say all this is like the deep state. Trump is a deep state. You gotta wake up America you wanna dictatorship or you want democracy Trump is going after him because of what happened in the 2016 election actually 15 he was doinginvestigation on Trump and Russia and we know some of us they want to open up their eyes that Trump always worked for the Russians he’s been doing that since the 80s
What is was the lie he told to Congress?
Imagine this came out of a Virginia (outside DC) Grand Jury. Odds were there would be no indictment on the charges.
To much pressure leads to explosions.
What is "A lack of insufficient evidence"???
Zero awareness by democrats that these charges are are the same charges Comey used to indict Roger Stone, Michael Flynn and others. Back then, democrats celebrated the weaponization of the FBI.
Comey is not a smart man.
We could add the whole Democratic Party to that for lying charge them all the only one you might not is Fetterman
yes, send trump to prison for lying
If the evidence proves he is guilty, if he did the vile things he is being accused of, then he needs to be charged!!!
So tired of the corruption that is going on in the high offices of our government!!!
Comey is not worried, conviction will not happen.
86jamescomey
What about his direct involvement in Russiagate. What are the statute of limitations on treason.
Now include Lois Lerner.  I don't care about statute of limitations.
I'm surprised they're going after him before all the sleazy politicians.
Comey put trump into office in 16. This is how he repays those who help him. Its a very good lesson on his character.

!
If he turns tail on Hillary then we get somewhere
GOOD!!!
Another distraction and waste of time .
Finally!! This is happening..
But let's all be honest. Nothing will happen. NO ONE will go to jail nor be formally charged with ANYTHING. Everyone will be in the same exact spot. 
This is all for show for the public.. But let a normal citizen do this. Straight to jail no question no parole.  Just gone
I'LL give you a NUANCE...Comey can't suffer enough...
Long talk with Grok. Thinking maybe 2 years prison or suspended sentence. His net worth is about $11M, and he pays his own expenses, expected to be 50% of that... Then he drifts off into obscurity...
This sets precedent for all of the dumpster fire of the special communities who have interviewed to be indicted. Let's do it!
YES! The first of many
He's guilty. We all know.
Hes so guilty and corrupt
Wow, what has this country turned into? Democracy is dead.
My question is this:  Why would a prosecutor refuse to pursue a case due to “a lack of insufficient evidence.”  If insufficient evidence is lacking that indicates that sufficient evidence exists; please take greater care in your choice of wording so as to communicate your thoughts more clearly.
So we've reached the show trial phase.
“…a lack of insufficient evidence…”

So there’s a lot of evidence?  The attorney with experience resigned because there was a lot of evidence, is that right?

Or is it the opposite of that, maybe?
comey liked to congress.  he must go to prison
trump is just a chump!
This is fake news. James Comey illegally spied on President Trump. Biden Administration went after President Trump during the election electionhy we voted for President Trump. We can't trust any news from fake news.
Lets get down to business this guy is a  complete liar
Yet no proof of an arrest yet… hmmm 
About time.   Round up the rest of them as well
I think the USA is being polarized and the USA will definitely have the consequences for being polarized.
Let's wait and see.
The sad part is that no one may take the responsibility for promoting this polarization.
I pray love and unity return to Americans otherwise, your enemies will take advantage of the current situation.
More distraction
If this is true it’s AWESONE!!!  I hope there are many more to come, on many others as there should be!!!?
Lock him up. He deserves jail time.
Needs to be a law if your serve the people in any government role you can not plead the 5th.
Yet we got a 34 count convicted felon as president,who hasn't served a day in prison!!! Where he belongs!!
Lock him yp
About time... he's lied in front of congress multiple times... especially the Russia hoax... lied about evidence they never had.
Comey is being indicted because trump is a pathetic cry baby out for revenge. Now where are the Trumpstien files!?
You know, you can say the word lie, or the word liar, as it pertains to James Comey. Because James Comey is in fact a liar. You whimps who call yourselves 'journalists' are nothing of the sort. You are political commentators who have no integrity or honor whatsoever. It's why millions of Americans have tuned you out because you have made yourselves irrelevant
Uh oh.   Look out kashy.
DEATH PENALTY!
Wow he lied to congress oh my god!
Great. A fine and probation.
We all know he lied.  🇺🇸
He is going to look good in a orange jump suit at a federal prison.
Lock him up!
Live by the law dei by the law
Good man 
I can't wait until this publicity stunt blows up in MAGA's face once  again !" Any sane rational American knows this ain't going nowhere but laughed out of court !" Hate has consequences . Something you superficial morons haven't learned yet !"
Vengeful Donald is @ it again.
He isn't the target... he's the weak link who's about to rat out the key players. 
I hope he sings before killary gets to him.
was comey really lying??
This is a ridiculous waste of time and money from the weakest administration this country has ever had.
Trump is the most corrupt president in the history of the USA.
So sick of trump and all his bullshit
comey orange coverall jail time we the people have sea shells  delivered to prison cell  enjoy your new way of life
Indicted because Trump doesn't like him. Whats new 
P....R...I...S...O...N.
6'8" weasel Luciferian
Release the Epstein files
Show me the evidence
"MAGA (Make Attorneys Get Attorneys)"
More Epstein distraction 
Let’s start with a man in the White House first then we’ll work all the way down the line to anybody else. Yes I believe that the Law is in, but I’ll start with Trump first.
Lay down with dogs you get up with fleas.
Hooray! 